Allow emphasising placeholders in `option` directives (#10366)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/restructuredtext/domains.rst

   referenceable by :rst:role:`option` (in the example case, you'd use something
   like ``:option:`dest_dir```, ``:option:`-m```, or ``:option:`--module```).

   Use :confval:`option_detailed_parse` for parsing of

>    "variable part" of a literal text (similarly to ``samp`` directive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "variable part" of a literal text (similarly to the ``samp`` role).
```
